In 1996 genetically modified foods were
first
allowed into our food supply in America.
The GMO machine has been extraordinarily
effective in squelching the conversation.
The biggest problem with genetically
modified organisms or genetically
engineered foods
is that we don't know the long-term
outcome.
And to show how strong the agenda is
how could anyone argue against at least
labeling foods GMO?
If they have nothing to hide, if GMOs
are safe and effective or propose any
threat to
individuals who consume them, why would
you be worried about putting it on the
label or the food that you sell?
There something that seems kind of sneaky
about people manufacturing food and
researching it and engineering it and
marketing to us and for some reason
or other they don't want to tell us what's in it?
I find that odd, I know that if you buy
you know a shirt, or a pair of pants, I have to
say that it's, you know, ninety percent
cotton and ten percent lycra.
So I wanna know within my food if I know
what's in my pants.
We have supposedly, some parts of our government that are designated to protect our interests.
These people are paid with our tax dollars to
safeguard our well-being,
in these realms, yet it's not happening.
So now let's look at the FDA, let's
look at the FTC, let's look at our regulators.
I think it's because most of
the FDA and EPA and USDA are
infiltrated with appointed, very high
level executives, that came from the
biotech industry.
It's the wealth of the force behind
the GMO initiative that's causing
this to occur.
What's for sale? It can be
bought!
The hearts and minds of the culture
and the compulsion to force them into
behaviors, can be bought .
So we have a huge
challenge on our hands
to reeducate people from the top down
and from the bottom up.
You know, from there gut and from their head.
The reality is there are other countries
who have said no GMOs.
They've looked at it and said, "this is
disturbing, there's is not enough evidence we've
made a choice not to do this."
But we're supposed to be in the united
States, the land of the free, where those
types of things don't happen.
But this is such a issue
as far as saying, "this is scary this is
disturbing, this is unknown,
but other countries who technically
might be less free as far as individual
rights are concerned are saying no to GMOs until there is more data.
Yet here, we say yes.
It's indefensible, obviously there is
something to hide, obviously there is a
concern.
Obviously they think that individual
consumers, given the choice,
would prefer not to buy that food. So
what is their solution?
Don't let them know
they're buying that food.
That, to me, as a feel even the hairs on the back my neck standing up,
is evil personified.
What I would like to say to the biotech industry and the food industry
is, "stop messing with my children's health,
with my husbands health, with my family's
health.
Enough is enough, let's go back
to real food, conventional farming
with out GMOs and taking care of the people
and putting the people first. Not profits."